Added NOTE in ByVal (#13935)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/language-reference/modifiers/byval.md

---
# ByVal (Visual Basic)
Specifies that an argument is passed [by value](../../programming-guide/language-features/procedures/passing-arguments-by-value-and-by-reference.md), so that the called procedure or property cannot change the value of a variable underlying the argument in the calling code. If no modifier is specified, ByVal is the default.

> [!NOTE]

> > We don't recommend to explicitly specify `ByVal` for argument as it's the default. Explicitly specifying it makes the code looks noisy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Because it is the default, you do not have to explicitly specify the `ByVal` keyword in method signatures. It tends to produce noisy code and often leads to the non-default `ByRef` keyword being overlooked.
```

Author: Thanks! Looks much better now :)
